                 ______________________________________

                      DFT Reference data: Bulk TiO2

                           Nongnuch Artrith
                 ______________________________________



For the present work [1], structural energies were obtained from DFT
calculations using the PBE exchange–correlation functional [2] as
implemented in PWSCF of the Quantum ESPRESSO package [3]. Wave
functions and electron densities were represented in plane wave basis
sets with energy cutoffs of 40 Ry and 200 Ry, respectively, using GBRV
ultrasoft pseudopotentials for the atomic core regions [4]. For the
Brillouin zone integration, all calculations employed gamma-centered
k-point meshes with a density corresponding to 8×8×8 k-points for the
primitive rutile unit cell with 6 atoms. SCF energies were generally
converged to 1.0 × 10−6 Ry and the convergence threshold for
variable-cell optimizations was 0.5 kbar.


References:
_________________

1. N. Artrith and A. Urban, An implementation of artificial neural-network
potentials for atomistic materials simulations: Performance for TiO2
Comp. Mater. Sci. (2016) under review.

2. J. Perdew, K. Burke, M. Ernzerhof, Generalized gradient ap-
proximation made simple, Phys. Rev. Lett. 77 (1996) 3865–3868.
doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.77.3865.

3. P. Giannozzi, S. Baroni, N. Bonini, M. Calandra, R. Car, C. Cavaz-
zoni, D. Ceresoli, G. L. Chiarotti, M. Cococcioni, I. Dabo, et al., Quan-
tum espresso: a modular and open-source software project for quantum
simulations of materials, J. Phys.: Condens. Matter 21 (2009) 395502.
doi:10.1088/0953-8984/21/39/395502.

4. K. F. Garrity, J. W. Bennett, K. M. Rabe, D. Vanderbilt, Pseudopo-
tentials for high-throughput dft calculations, Comput. Mater. Sci. 81
(2013) 446–452.
doi:10.1016/j.commatsci.2013.08.053.
